Created a doc for configuring the Kubernetes Executor (#289)
astronomer/docs: cloud/stable/04_customize-airflow/05_kubernetes-executor.md

- Memory allocation
- Service accounts
- Airflow image

To configure these resources for each pod, you configure a [pod template](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/blob/master/files/pod-template-file.yaml). Read this guide to learn how to configure a pod template and apply it to both Airflow Deployments and individual Airflow tasks. For more information on configuring pod template values, reference the [Kubernetes API documentation](https://v1-16.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.14/#podspec-v1-core).

Note that you must have an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer running with the Kubernetes Executor to follow this setup. For more information on configuring an Executor, read [Configure a Deployment](/docs/cloud/stable/deploy/configure-deployment). To learn more about different Executor types, read [Airflow Executors Explained](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/airflow-executors-explained).

## Use a Pod Template in a Deployment

If you want to use a pod template for all DAGs within a given Airflow Deployment, you can add a configured pod template to the Deployment as an environment variable. To do so:

> 1. Create a copy of Astronomer's default [pod template](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/blob/master/files/pod-template-file.yaml) and update the values as needed for your Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a copy of Astronomer's default [pod template](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/blob/master/files/pod-template-file.yaml) and add it to your Airflow project directory. Update the values as needed for your Deployment.
```

> 2. Update your Dockerfile to copy your configured pod template into your Docker image. For instance, if your customized pod template file name is `pod_template.yaml`, you would add the following line to your Dockerfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update your Dockerfile to make sure that the pod template file you just created gets built into your Docker image and properly deployed to Astronomer. For instance, if your customized pod template file name is `pod_template.yaml`, you would add the following line to your Dockerfile:
```

Author: Reworded this a bit to cut down on word length.
